README.md, before:

# RTRQ - Real-Time Real-Quick

A monorepo containing the RTRQ system components.

## Project Overview

RTRQ bridges the gap between fully real-time applications and purely request-based applications. It leverages modern request caching and invalidation patterns to create a seamless real-time experience without the complexity of traditional real-time systems.

### Key Features

- **Global Query Invalidation**: By externalizing query keys into a global database, RTRQ enables cross-client query invalidation
- **Smart Real-time Updates**: When multiple users share the same query key and it's enabled as "realtime", updates are synchronized across all clients
- **Efficient Data Transfer**: Uses cache invalidation instead of data transfer over websockets, reducing bandwidth usage and ensuring data privacy
- **Server SDK**: Provides tools for backend-driven query invalidation after data changes

### How It Works

Consider a scenario where two users are viewing the same todo list:
1. User A adds a new item
2. During the API request, the associated query key is invalidated
3. Both User A (who knows about the pending update) and User B (who is unaware of the change) receive the invalidation
4. React Query automatically refetches the data for both users
5. The update is synchronized without sending the actual data over websockets

This approach combines the best of both worlds:
- The simplicity and reliability of request-based applications
- The real-time feel of websocket-based systems
- Reduced bandwidth usage through smart cache invalidation
- Enhanced data privacy by not broadcasting data changes

## What's inside?

This Turborepo includes the following packages/apps:

### Apps and Packages

- `apps/manager`: The management interface for RTRQ
- `packages/server`: The core server implementation
- `packages/adapters`: Adapters for different data sources and sinks
  - `adapters/trpc`: tRPC adapter for RTRQ
  - `adapters/react-query`: React Query adapter for RTRQ
- `packages/core`: Core functionality and shared utilities
- `packages/eslint-config`: `eslint` configurations
- `packages/typescript-config`: `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo

Each package/app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This Turborepo has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting

### Build

To build all apps and packages, run the following command:

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Develop

To develop all apps and packages, run the following command:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Remote Caching

Turborepo can use a technique known as [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching) to share cache artifacts across machines, enabling you to share build caches with your team and CI/CD pipelines.

By default, Turborepo will cache locally. To enable Remote Caching you will need an account with Vercel. If you don't have an account you can [create one](https://vercel.com/signup?utm_source=turborepo-examples), then enter the following commands:

```sh
npx turbo login
```

This will authenticate the Turborepo CLI with your [Vercel account](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/personal-accounts/overview).

Next, you can link your Turborepo to your Remote Cache by running the following command from the root of your Turborepo:

```sh
npx turbo link
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks#using-filters)
- [Configuration Options](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/command-line-reference)

Commit message:

Added when to and when not to use sections

README.md, after:

# RTRQ - Real-Time Real-Quick

A monorepo containing the RTRQ system components.

## Project Overview

RTRQ bridges the gap between fully real-time applications and purely request-based applications. It leverages modern request caching and invalidation patterns to create a seamless real-time experience without the complexity of traditional real-time systems.

### Key Features

- **Global Query Invalidation**: By externalizing query keys into a global database, RTRQ enables cross-client query invalidation
- **Smart Real-time Updates**: When multiple users share the same query key and it's enabled as "realtime", updates are synchronized across all clients
- **Efficient Data Transfer**: Uses cache invalidation instead of data transfer over websockets, reducing bandwidth usage and ensuring data privacy
- **Server SDK**: Provides tools for backend-driven query invalidation after data changes

### How It Works

Consider a scenario where two users are viewing the same todo list:
1. User A adds a new item
2. During the API request, the associated query key is invalidated
3. Both User A (who knows about the pending update) and User B (who is unaware of the change) receive the invalidation
4. React Query automatically refetches the data for both users
5. The update is synchronized without sending the actual data over websockets

This approach combines the best of both worlds:
- The simplicity and reliability of request-based applications
- The real-time feel of websocket-based systems
- Reduced bandwidth usage through smart cache invalidation
- Enhanced data privacy by not broadcasting data changes

## When to Use RTRQ

RTRQ is an excellent choice when:

- **You have larger, less frequent data changes**: Perfect for content management systems, collaborative tools, or dashboard applications where updates happen periodically rather than continuously.
- **You need something easy to set up**: RTRQ integrates seamlessly with existing React Query setups and doesn't require complex websocket infrastructure.
- **"Pseudo-realtime" is acceptable**: Your application can tolerate small delays (typically < 1 second) in data synchronization.
- **You want to optimize bandwidth**: Your application benefits from not sending full data payloads for every change.
- **You have multiple users viewing shared data**: Collaborative features where multiple users view the same data but don't need millisecond-precision updates.
- **You prefer a familiar REST/HTTP architecture**: Your team is more comfortable with traditional HTTP patterns than websocket-based architectures.

## When Not to Use RTRQ

RTRQ might not be the best choice when:

- **You have smaller, more frequent data changes**: Applications like real-time chat, live trading platforms, or gaming where updates occur multiple times per second.
- **You require actual real-time data**: Use cases where millisecond accuracy is crucial, such as financial trading or real-time analytics.
- **You need to listen for specific events**: Scenarios requiring event-driven architecture with specific event types and handlers.
- **You need guaranteed message delivery**: Cases where every single update must be delivered in order and without fail.
- **You have high-frequency bidirectional communication**: Applications requiring constant back-and-forth between client and server.
- **You need offline-first capabilities**: Applications that must function fully offline with complex state reconciliation.

## What's inside?

This Turborepo includes the following packages/apps:

### Apps and Packages

- `apps/manager`: The management interface for RTRQ
- `packages/server`: The core server implementation
- `packages/adapters`: Adapters for different data sources and sinks
  - `adapters/trpc`: tRPC adapter for RTRQ
  - `adapters/react-query`: React Query adapter for RTRQ
- `packages/core`: Core functionality and shared utilities
- `packages/eslint-config`: `eslint` configurations
- `packages/typescript-config`: `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo

Each package/app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This Turborepo has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting

### Build

To build all apps and packages, run the following command:

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Develop

To develop all apps and packages, run the following command:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Remote Caching

Turborepo can use a technique known as [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching) to share cache artifacts across machines, enabling you to share build caches with your team and CI/CD pipelines.

By default, Turborepo will cache locally. To enable Remote Caching you will need an account with Vercel. If you don't have an account you can [create one](https://vercel.com/signup?utm_source=turborepo-examples), then enter the following commands:

```sh
npx turbo login
```

This will authenticate the Turborepo CLI with your [Vercel account](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/personal-accounts/overview).

Next, you can link your Turborepo to your Remote Cache by running the following command from the root of your Turborepo:

```sh
npx turbo link
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks#using-filters)
- [Configuration Options](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/command-line-reference)
